Fix BinaryFileField in 4.x (#2334)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/content_management/field_types/field_type_reference/binaryfilefield.md

|`mimeType`|string|The file's MIME type.|application/pdf|
|`uri`|string|The binary file's `content/download` URI. If the URI doesn't include a host or protocol, it applies to the request domain.|/content/download/210/2707|
|`downloadCount`|integer|Number of times the file was downloaded|0|

#### Constructor's hash format

The hash format mostly matches the value object. It has the following keys:

- `inputUri` (mandatory, the path to the file to upload into the field)
- `id` (deprecated, same as `inputUri`)
- `path` (deprecated, same as `inputUri`)
- `fileName` (optional, the basename is taken if not given)
- `fileSize` (optional, taken from the file itself if not given)
- `mimeType` (ignored, TODO: Doesn't seem to be taken into account, if I set it to 'application/octet-stream' along a PDF file, I get "application/pdf" in the field value)
- `uri` (ignored)
- `downloadCount` (optional, `0` (zero) if not given)

Example:

```php
$fileContentCreateStruct->setField('file', new Ibexa\Core\FieldType\BinaryFile\Value([
    'fileName' => 'example.pdf',
    'inputUri' => '/tmp/example_for_website.pdf',
]));
```

> The original local file name `example_for_website.pdf` is forgotten.
> When downloaded, the filename is `example.pdf`.

Author: ```suggestion
The original local file name `example_for_website.pdf` is forgotten.
When downloaded, the filename is `example.pdf`.

If you want to use a remote file, you'll have to download it locally first, then remove it after its usage in `ContentService::createContent`.
```

|`mimeType`|string|The file's MIME type.|application/pdf|
|`uri`|string|The binary file's `content/download` URI. If the URI doesn't include a host or protocol, it applies to the request domain.|/content/download/210/2707|

> |`downloadCount`|integer|Number of times the file was downloaded|0|

Author: Maybe `inputUri` could replace `path` here. But as `inputUri` is mandatory in the construction hash, and wont change afterward, I don't see the interest. I would keep only what is useful when consulting the value of an existing field.
```suggestion
|`downloadCount`|integer|Number of times the file was downloaded|0|
|`inputUri`|string|Path to a local file when creating a field value, `null` when reading a field value|`path/to/document.pdf`|
```

#### Constructor's hash format

The hash format mostly matches the value object. It has the following keys:

- `inputUri` (mandatory, the path to the file to upload into the field)
- `id` (deprecated, same as `inputUri`)
- `path` (deprecated, same as `inputUri`)
- `fileName` (optional, the basename is taken if not given)
- `fileSize` (optional, taken from the file itself if not given)
- `mimeType` (ignored, TODO: Doesn't seem to be taken into account, if I set it to 'application/octet-stream' along a PDF file, I get "application/pdf" in the field value)
- `uri` (ignored)
- `downloadCount` (optional, `0` (zero) if not given)

Example:

```php
$fileContentCreateStruct->setField('file', new Ibexa\Core\FieldType\BinaryFile\Value([
    'fileName' => 'example.pdf',
    'inputUri' => '/tmp/example_for_website.pdf',
]));
```

The original local file name `example_for_website.pdf` is forgotten.
When downloaded, the filename is `example.pdf`.

> If you want to use a remote file, you'll have to download it locally first, then remove it after its usage in `ContentService::createContent`.

Author: ```suggestion
If you want to use a remote file, you'll have to download it locally first, then remove it after its usage in `ContentService::createContent`.
```

|`mimeType`|string|The file's MIME type.|application/pdf|
|`uri`|string|The binary file's `content/download` URI. If the URI doesn't include a host or protocol, it applies to the request domain.|/content/download/210/2707|
|`downloadCount`|integer|Number of times the file was downloaded|0|
|`inputUri`|string|Path to a local file when creating a field value, `null` when reading a field value|`path/to/document.pdf`|

#### Constructor's hash format

The hash format mostly matches the value object. It has the following keys:

> - `inputUri` (mandatory, the path to the file to upload into the field)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `inputUri` (mandatory, a path to the file to be uploaded into the field)
```

- `id` (deprecated, same as `inputUri`)
- `path` (deprecated, same as `inputUri`)
- `fileName` (optional, the basename is taken if not given)
- `fileSize` (optional, taken from the file itself if not given)

> - `mimeType` (ignored, TODO: Doesn't seem to be taken into account, if I set it to 'application/octet-stream' along a PDF file, I get "application/pdf" in the field value)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `mimeType` (ignored)
```
Seemed like an internal comment.

- `uri` (ignored)
- `downloadCount` (optional, `0` (zero) if not given)

Example:

```php
$fileContentCreateStruct->setField('file', new Ibexa\Core\FieldType\BinaryFile\Value([
    'fileName' => 'example.pdf',
    'inputUri' => '/tmp/example_for_website.pdf',
]));
```

The original local file name `example_for_website.pdf` is forgotten.
When downloaded, the filename is `example.pdf`.

> If you want to use a remote file, you'll have to download it locally first, then remove it after its usage in `ContentService::createContent`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use a remote file, you have to download it locally first, then remove it after it is used in `ContentService::createContent`.
```
